First I decided on projects to include.
I then changed the id's, names and special images to match my items.
Next I created my md files for the projects to have a Title, Date and Summary for each.
Then in the index.html, I reformatted the layout by removing itemsInner, and the following divs (moreLeft/Right and scrollLeft/Right) so the images displayed side by side and not under each other.
On the index.js page I keep everything similar for this block, except changing the name to my own in the page constructor.
In the render function append an image and then for each image append a div to link to that item page, instead of appending links buttons and inner items.
Instead of adding list menu items in a loop and then having buttons for each, i just append each image and if you click on one it updates the items id, title and class.
When creating the portfolio I kept the constructor and render the same.
For css I added img thumbnail to show as current image, and changed article items to flex and spread them out.
Formatting tables, text, footer and margins were final touches.